# times_internet_ML_Competition


##link for click.csv :


          https://drive.google.com/file/d/10gMu_h2rfitWd1vG0cCRbFMdv0g12Xhx/view?usp=sharing
          
          
Conversion fraud in Digital Advertising
Digital Advertising is changing at a rapid pace with a huge increase in digital audience. At the same time, the digital advertising success metric is shifting from audience volume (eg. Impression count) to conversions (eg. lead submissions) as the success metric. This requires higher transparency and control on the conversions.

Colombia, the digital advertising arm of Times Internet Limited has seen significant growth in its digital advertising inventory. It wants to ensure that in all its conversion-based campaigns, no unfair advantage is given to the publishers generating fake leads.

Your task is to segregate the test data between genuine and false conversions by identifying the maximum possible leads generated by the malignant technique.

Note-
Joining with Click log:
imprId (Click Log) and imprid_cr (Conversion Log - Test and Train Data)

(Use click log data for additional data required for identifying conversion fraud)

Essential Columns
client id: Advertiser ID
pubclient id: Publisher ID
clickIp: IP Address
clmbuser id : unique user id
impr id: Unique Key for every served impression
site id: Publisher wesite
goal id: Conversion
goal type identification id

City id / State id / CountryDim id: Geo Details
browser id: browser used for accessing publisher on any device on web.
adslot id: slot id where advertisement is displayed on any site (unqiue for all sites)
crtd: timestamp of the action
itmclmb id: Image/Creative shown
ispDimId: Internet Service Provider
devTypeDimId: Device Id
osVerDimId: OS Version


Data Set Download Data Set
File Name	Description	Format	Size
click_log.csv	Click logs	csv	
Training Data.csv	Train data	csv	
sample_submission.csv	Sample submission	csv	
Test Data.csv	Test data	csv	
Data Dictionary
Here's a brief version of what you'll find in the data description file.


        

Variable	Description
record_id	Unique record id
conversion_fraud	conversion_fraud column as True for marking a conversion entry as fraud
Submission
Submission file
Presentation (Download sample ppt)

Evaluation Metric
Your score will be calculated based on Accuracy.
